[7.1] Fix rocPD data collection (#1439)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for ROCm Systems Profiler is available at [https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocprofiler-systems/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocprofiler-systems/en/latest/).

## ROCm Systems Profiler 1.2.1 for ROCm 7.1.1

### Resolved issues

> - Fixed OMPT events, GPU performance counters, VA-API, MPI, and host events not being collected in `rocpd` output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue of OMPT events, GPU performance counters, VA-API, MPI, and host events not being collected in `rocpd` output.
```

> ## ROCm Systems Profiler 1.2.0 for ROCm 7.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ROCm Systems Profiler 1.2.0 for ROCm 7.1.0
```

Full documentation for ROCm Systems Profiler is available at [https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocprofiler-systems/en/latest/](https://rocm.docs.amd.com/projects/rocprofiler-systems/en/latest/).

## ROCm Systems Profiler 1.2.1 for ROCm 7.1.1

### Resolved issues

> - Fixed an issue of OMPT events, GPU performance counters, VA-API, MPI, and host events not being collected in `rocpd` output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue of OpenMP Tools (OMPT) events, GPU performance counters, VA-API, MPI, and host events failing to be collected in the `rocpd` output.
```
